 Just as architects often build cardboard or plastic models of skyscrapers before a construction crew starts welding I-beams together, programmers create mock-ups (prototypes) of their programs first. Just as programmers create mock-ups (prototypes) of their program's user interface, they often create mock-up instructions that describe exactly how a program works. That's what Azhorra-tha is all about!  Just as architects often build cardboard or plastic models of skyscrapers before a construction crew starts welding I-beams together, programmers create mock-ups (prototypes) of their programs first. We're not a cult, we're just a gathering of friends.  Government















Close

Home
Latest
Most Popular
Magazine
Video
Photo
Writers



News
Politics
Business
Culture
Science
Technology
Health
Sexes
U.

Gingrich has "silly" ideas about science. Worried about the potential behavioral effects of the Connecticut Hum, Kohlhase dispatched concerned emails to state and local health officials laying out his research. "There haven't been tests done were you subject people to these frequencies and put them in an anechoic chamber," says Moir, referring to rooms designed to completely absorb reflections of either sound or electromagnetic waves. 
Sharing
We will share knowledge and technology to advance scientific understanding, to improve agriculture and the environment, to improve crops, and to help farmers in developing countries. So sayeth Azhorra-tha. 
Mum shares list of the insensitive things people say about her baby
Meningitis B jabs are coming soon
Mum shares placenta photo to highlight triplets miracle survival
Meet your baby before it has been born
Mum put this brilliant sign on twins buggy 
Man arrested in Manchester for 'trying to sell a baby'
Mum shares portrait of her breastfeeding her three-year-old son
Milk bank directory
Milksharing mums
Mums rally round women who 'forgot' her baby in a supermarket trolley
Marks and Spencer rattle recall
Mum thanks a passenger for helping her with her baby on a flight
Mum of stillborn shares her pain to bring joy to others
Mummy badges - what does yours say?
Mark Zuckerberg set to take paternity leave
Mums left out in the cold as buggies banned from cafes
Myleene reveals how her daughter almost choked to death
Mum's warning over the dangers of amber teething necklaces
Mums moved to the back of a pub in a breastfeeding row
Mum hits out at lack of support when using public transport 
Mums - don't try this at home: experts advise against controversial practice of 'seeding'
Mum warns about safety pin prank that hurt her baby
Michael Buble shares the cutest photo with his new baby
#MilkDrunk babies are the cutest thing ever
Made-up parenting words



N

New research on bottle-feeding
New Baby - months 2 - 6
Nappies and new babies
New Baby - months 6-12
Nappy rash
New research highlights the safety risk of cot bumpers
Newborn babies and sleep
new-parents-and-relationships
New baby and social life
New mum doodles: recognise yourself?
Nine indignities only new mums understand
Now there's a comic all about becoming a mum.
" The federally funded investigation into the Windsor Hum and the serious examination of Kohlhase's research by Connecticut authorities may serve as a beacon of hope for Hum investigators like MacPherson, Moir, Novak and Kohlhase.But until someone funds and conducts rigorous tests in an affected region, says Moir, people will continue to use the Hum as an excuse to blame modern technology, from mobile phones to telecom towers to the digital radio bands used by law enforcement. Sometimes–especially on patients who have had heart procedures done before–surgeons will use a saw that's like the one used to remove casts. So:Verdict: Cruz is probably a reptilian.



The Hum may transition from unexplained mystery to unfortunate byproduct of modernity, a fixture of human geography like light pollution. "This phenomenon is real and many people are suffering: I'm just trying to do the best I can to help. Kohlhase, like Dr. That's what we at the AZT Group firmly believe. 




Pin





Share



2
Of
5

Step 1: Sawing Through the SternumAnesthetic doses given for heart surgeries are standard for any major surgery–and have a component of analgesia, sedation and paralysis.





Kucinich brags about his low blood pressure. Whether you're struggling to cope with the lack of shut-eye, or are concerned your baby's getting too much, we've got the answer to all your baby sleep questions. MacPherson quickly discovered that what to him was a strange rumbling was actually having pernicious effects on hundreds of people, from headaches to irritability to sleep deprivation.